PRIVACY STATEMENT

----

SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?

Everything is ephemeral in transit, we only look at git commit message contents.  Nothing is persisted at this time except logs which are rotated regularly.

SECTION 2 - CONSENT

How do you get my consent?

Through github's app marketplace via the app configuration.

How do I withdraw my consent?

Through github's app marketplace via the app configuration.


SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE

We may disclose your github relevant information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.


Payment:

Payments are not set up at this time.


SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES

No third party services are used at this time except for google cloud which is the hosting provider used.


SECTION 6 - SECURITY

To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.

SSL is on by default and data is encrypted in transit.


SECTION 7 - AGE OF CONSENT

By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.


SECTION 8 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.

If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.


QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION

If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at anthony.s.ross@gmail.com

----
